W-17895292-isalpha description 2.4 dm (#523)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dw-core-functions-unzip.adoc

[0,1,2,3]
----

=== Example

> This example unzips an array of arrays where each input sub-array contains more than two elements. It shows that `unzip` can produce more than two output sub-arrays when there are additional values at each index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example unzips an array of arrays where each input subarray contains more than two elements. It shows that `unzip` can produce more than two output subarrays when there are additional values at each index.
```
